Support storing audit data in storage account that is behind a firewall and VNet (#14656)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/mssql_server_extended_auditing_policy.html.markdown

}

resource "azurerm_sql_firewall_rule" "example" {
  name                = "FirewallRule1"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  server_name         = azurerm_mssql_server.example.name
  start_ip_address    = "0.0.0.0"
  end_ip_address      = "0.0.0.0"
}

resource "azurerm_storage_account" "example" {
  name                = "examplesa"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name

  location                 = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  account_tier             = "Standard"
  account_replication_type = "LRS"
  account_kind             = "StorageV2"
  allow_blob_public_access = false

  network_rules {
    default_action             = "Deny"
    ip_rules                   = ["127.0.0.1"]
    virtual_network_subnet_ids = [azurerm_subnet.example.id]
    bypass                     = ["AzureServices"]
  }

  identity {
    type = "SystemAssigned"

  }
}

resource "azurerm_mssql_server_extended_auditing_policy" "example" {
  storage_endpoint       = azurerm_storage_account.example.primary_blob_endpoint
  server_id              = azurerm_mssql_server.example.id
  retention_in_days      = 6
  log_monitoring_enabled = false

>   storage_account_subscription_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"

Reviewer: should this be:

```suggestion
  storage_account_subscription_id = azurerm_subscription.primary.subscription_id
```

* `log_monitoring_enabled` - (Optional) Enable audit events to Azure Monitor? To enable server audit events to Azure Monitor, please enable its main database audit events to Azure Monitor.

> * `state` - (Optional) Enables or disables the audit. Default: true.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `state` - (Optional) Enables or disables the audit. Defaults to `true`.
```

Author: See above.

* `log_monitoring_enabled` - (Optional) Enable audit events to Azure Monitor? To enable server audit events to Azure Monitor, please enable its main database audit events to Azure Monitor.

> * `storage_account_subscription_id` - (Optional) The storage account's subscription Id.

Reviewer: fwiw we tend to write these in:

```suggestion
* `storage_account_subscription_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Subscription containing the Storage Account.
```
